[DOC-999] Updated roadmap for GitHub readme (#28812)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: README.md

### [PostgreSQL 15 compatible YugabyteDB clusters](https://docs.yugabyte.com/stable/api/ysql/pg15-features/)

This is the first stable release featuring a PostgreSQL fork rebase from version 11.2 to 15.0, enabling you to leverage the many key capabilities introduced in PostgreSQL between the two versions. This upgrade brings YSQL API support for numerous features, including stored generated columns, foreign keys on partitioned tables, and non-distinct NULLs in unique indexes. It also introduces query execution optimizations like incremental sort and memoization, along with various observability and security enhancements.

We're also pleased to announce that YugabyteDB 2025.1.0.0 supports in-place online upgrades and downgrade—even with the PostgreSQL fork rebased to 15.0.

**Note** that the source cluster must be running version 2024.2.3.0 or later to upgrade to version 2025.1.0.

> ### [Support pgvector extension - With indexing support](https://docs.yugabyte.com/stable/additional-features/pg-extensions/extension-pgvector/#vector-indexing)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### [HNSW indexing support for pgvector](https://docs.yugabyte.com/stable/additional-features/pg-extensions/extension-pgvector/#vector-indexing)
```

> Brings AI-native capability by supporting pgvector with indexing, enabling efficient similarity search in vector workloads. Enhances vector search capabilities by introducing Hierarchical Navigable Small World (HNSW) indexing, enabling faster and more efficient high-dimensional vector lookups.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Brings AI-native capability by enabling efficient similarity search in vector workloads. Enhanced vector search capabilities via Hierarchical Navigable Small World (HNSW) indexing provide faster and more efficient high-dimensional vector lookups.
```

### [Automatic transactional xCluster DDL replication](https://docs.yugabyte.com/stable/deploy/multi-dc/async-replication/async-transactional-setup-automatic/#set-up-automatic-mode-replication)

YugabyteDB now supports seamless replication of YSQL DDL changes across xCluster setups, eliminating the need to manually apply DDLs on both source and target clusters.

### [Parallel queries: Enabling PG parallelism for colocated tables](https://docs.yugabyte.com/stable/additional-features/parallel-query/)

Improves query performance for colocated tables by allowing PostgreSQL to leverage multiple CPUs, leading to faster query execution times.

> ### [Optimization for INSERT ON CONFLICT batching](https://docs.yugabyte.com/stable/reference/configuration/yb-tserver/#yb-insert-on-conflict-read-batch-size)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### [Optimization of INSERT ON CONFLICT batching](https://docs.yugabyte.com/stable/reference/configuration/yb-tserver/#yb-insert-on-conflict-read-batch-size)
```
